Forbid injecting Event/Instance with a wildcard type (#892)
jakartaee/cdi: spec/src/main/asciidoc/core/injectionandresolution.asciidoc

            AsynchronousPaymentProcessor.class, new AsynchronousQualifier() );
----

The required type must not be a wildcard type.
If an injected `Instance` has a required type that is either a wildcard type or an `Event` whose specified type is a wildcard type, the container treats it as a definition error.

> If a programmatically obtained `Instance` has a required type that is a wildcard type, non-portable behavior results.

Author: Not sure I understand. These steps give you a programmatically obtained `Event` with a wildcard type and that's already covered in the previous section. Or am I missing something?

> If a programmatically obtained `Instance` has a required type that is a wildcard type, non-portable behavior results.

Reviewer: Oh, good point! I didn't realize that. You're right, the current provisions are enough.

            AsynchronousPaymentProcessor.class, new AsynchronousQualifier() );
----

The required type must not be a wildcard type.

> If an injected `Instance` has a required type that is either a wildcard type or an `Event` with a wildcard type, the container treats it as a definition error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an injected `Instance` has a required type that is either a wildcard type or an `Event` whose specified type is a wildcard type, the container treats it as a definition error.
```

Author: Good point, done
